you got me
oh thank you
um if y'all bear with us just a minute
we're going to reconvene from close and
we've got some action items from there
and then we'll get on with the regular
meeting
they'll have a motion to certify and
related action nice and from close and
then we'll do a roll call and then i
need a certification i'll make it in
motion hang on this second okay we'll do
a roll call first mr burton is absent
mr fitzgerald
uh mr henderson here ms merrick's
president mr mills here mr moon here mr
doubts yeah now mr mango i'll make a
motion on that
have a second second
roll call again please mr fitzgerald mr
henderson aye ms merrick aye mr mills
aye mr moon aye mr doss aye mr burton is
absent okay um
items from closed
motion to approve personnel changes for
april 12 2022 and the 2022 2023
appointments of classified staff and
certified staff on continuing contract
probationary to continuing contract
probationary contract and
recommendations for employment if all
requirements for virginia licensure are
met by june 30 2022 as presented
i'll make it motion second
any discussion
no call please
mr fitzgerald aye
ms henderson aye ms merricks aye mr
mills aye mr moon aye mr doss aye mr
burton is absent
recommendation of the superintendent for
the non-renewal of a certified staff
member
have a motion i'll make a motion
any discussion
roll call please
mr fitzgerald
mr henderson miss marrix aye mr mills
aye mr moon all right mr douglas aye mr
burton is absent
i have one more okay and then mr doctor
of a motion to accept the retirement and
to waive school board policy gbo pc
retirement for kevin holly william
french and mayo and tony morris to allow
them to retire into e-rep effective july
1 2022.
i'll make that motion
second
any discussion
roll call please mr fitzgerald ah
mr henderson aye ms merricks aye mr
mills aye mr moon aye mr doss aye and mr
burton is absent
okay dr jones i think you have a couple
appointments
yes sir mr dahl school board members i
would like to to
recommend this evening
new assistant president kentucky
elementary school
like to recommend mrs paula simpson the
simpson is on the front row here
mrs simpson currently teaches at kentuck
she has been there six years and prior
to that she taught 11 years at
greta elementary school
she earned her bs
bachelor of science at avert university
in pk 6
and her master's in administration and
supervision at liberty university
would you like would you like for her to
stand she'll correct to recognize ms
simpson
[Applause]
we had a full slate of highly qualified
applicants
i believe all were in-house
so we have really a good
good group of up-and-coming
aspiring administrators and so feel very
fortunate that we have that coming
coming available i have a motion then
i'll make a motion we approve a second
roll call please mr fitzgerald mr
henderson aye ms mary aye mr mills aye
mr moon aye mr doss aye mr burton is
absent
try to keep miss dawson in line out
there if you would please
i just wonder if you know what you're
getting into
[Laughter]
and mrs dawson is right there thank you
for being here as well
and i also would like to recommend this
evening
a new position
special education supervisor
and i'd like to recommend to you all mrs
catherine katie hawker
to that position mrs hawkers in the back
right right there mrs hawker has been a
teacher a special teacher at chatham
high school
she's been a special education teacher
for six years at tunstall middle school
and she's been at central office now as
a special education coordinator for four
years
she has a bachelor's of arts from
virginia tech
she has a master's in teaching special
education from mary baldwin and she has
her
masters in administration and
supervision pk 12 from longwood
university
she
serves as again coordinator for special
education but she can be called upon
to serve in many other capacities and
does so
very professionally
and very confidently so we feel very
good about her assuming this new role so
mrs catherine
walker
[Applause]
i have a motion
i'll make a motion we approve her for
the position
second
roll call please
mr fitzgerald mr henderson all right
miss marriage aye mr mills aye mr moon
all right mr dolls mr burton is absent
okay
do we have any additions to the agenda
yes sir okay do i have a motion to prove
agenda then
second
roll call please
mr fitzgerald mr henderson all right
miss marriage aye mr mills aye mr moon
aye mr doss aye mr burton is absent
consent agenda
mr fitzgerald uh mr henderson aye ms
merrick aye mr mills aye mr moon aye mr
dallas aye aye mr burton is absent all
right public presentations the character
word of the month
ms holt
good evening chairman dolls dr jones
distinguished members of the board in
pennsylvania county community
it is my honor to speak on the character
word of the month caring
like all of our character words caring
is not required of anyone but there are
so many people in this world who do care
without expecting anything in return
our teachers our nurses our school board
members our friends
caring has a lot to do with feeling
empathy for others but caring brings in
the action and the goodness karen can be
shown in so many ways such as sending a
heartfelt text message when we think of
our friend or donating our time to a
local cause
caring has no limit it can be shown in
the smallest ways or the biggest ways
but no matter the size it is impactful
when we put an intentional focus on
caring about everything we do and say it
can shape our own lives and others
i love that all the character words of
the month are intangible things but i
believe that my fellow school board
representatives and i have been able to
turn them into tangible actions that
others can incorporate into their daily
lives thank you
thank you
so i have a question for you two over
there tonight are y'all getting excited
it's your senior year you have what a
month left
we got 20 days
actually but you're not counting them
right actually 19.
but you're not counting them yet right
well
don't worry it's good to see y'all here
tonight thank you
there's a pea here tonight i haven't
seen
dr jones is anybody here to speak for
the pea tonight no thank you
all right the next is a presentation
from
next era
energy foundation
i'm sorry who are you
stem resource teacher okay thank you so
i'm just introducing i didn't have your
name and i knew you was not the you were
not the name i had so
okay thank you so good evening dr jones
school board members
and chairman doss i'm melanie chapel
stem resource teacher we are excited to
have a very special guest with us this
evening we have max macon senior
director of gas infrastructure with next
air energy resources and we are honored
to be one of 10 schools chosen to
receive the makeover grant this will
make it possible to improve our program
and better serve our students we truly
appreciate the funding as well as all of
your efforts to be with us today thank
you for making it possible to be
successful with our mission and vision
for the elementary stem program please
welcome max bacon
good evening
i guess i'm the name you have down there
no actually it wasn't either one of them
okay
she's sitting over here but i'm not
gonna say who it would
but before i get started as a as a son
of two public educators and a parent of
two public school children i appreciate
what you all do on a day-to-day basis so
thank you for your service
and thanks for the opportunity to be
here today it's uh it's a nice
opportunity for me to be here and and
deliver a nice check to to your stem
academy
at nextera energy resources we place a
high value on developing partnerships
with the community
on efforts especially education related
efforts that
really help make a difference and your
stem academy uh submitted an application
for a for a grant for fifty thousand
dollars and we're uh very happy to be
able to award that uh that grant to the
stem academy and their mobile uh mobile
classroom initiative
uh we're hopeful that this grant will
inspire the young children uh in the in
elementary ranks to to take an interest
in stem education and hopefully one day
uh you know aspire to be in careers that
are stem related who knows maybe one day
work for nextera energy
this grant is part of our company's
initiative through our foundation the
next air energy foundation
uh in in the realm of education and
equity
uh providing transformational learning
opportunities for students in in the
classroom setting
we've been investing in the commonwealth
of virginia for several years now and
continue to look at opportunities
to build some renewable energy projects
in in virginia
we're proud to work in virginia uh we
look forward to being a part of the
community for years to come and at this
time i'd like to present the check
for fifty thousand dollars for your stem
academy
hmm
[Applause]
[Music]
they say it takes a village to raise a
child it takes a community to educate a
child
and it's through partnerships with the
community that really make the school
division what it is and we certainly
want to thank you and what y'all have
done we really appreciate it
okay with that being said i'm going
straight into my presentation just to
kind of give you an overview of what we
have been doing at elementary stem this
year
we come up with a motto igniting passion
and thinking in young minds one student
at a time
so our mission is to provide steam or
stem for all in each of the elementary
schools to provide more authentic
hands-on science experiences for young
students utilizing virginia's newly
adopted computer science standards and
to close achievement gaps our vision is
to create awareness and provide
instruction for students in the career
fields of engineering and technology as
well as to be familiar with 21st century
skills
an overview of our program for this year
we were primarily working with fifth
grade we assisted third grade in state
performance assessments
seventh grade the mewe project through a
partnership with the grant with the dan
river basin association we have plans to
incorporate more grade levels next year
and the community partnerships we had
was danville regional foundation
mountain valley pipeline nextera energy
go tech virginia dan river basin
association
so with the 50 000 grant that we just
received nextera has made it possible
for us to be successful in our mission
and vision by being able to purchase
equipment for ideal stem classroom stem
classrooms will serve a diverse
population of students on each of the 10
elementary schools in that county
the items being purchased with this
grant are chrome carts or tablets a
makerspace cart sterobots arduino kits
and a virginia state approved vehicle
for travel between the schools and to
transport materials and supplies
thank you again for your support and for
this opportunity to improve our program
and this is just some examples of some
of the partnerships we've had
within the community with the dan river
basin association and materials that
were purchased through some of our
grants through other organizations
a special thank you to pcs for all of
your support also to financial
supporters dan river basin association
mountain valley pipeline next year
energy go tech virginia and danville
regional foundation
i truly have used all aspects of
pennsylvania county and all departments
and everyone has been truly supportive
this year
the curriculum for fifth grade these are
just some things that we i've done this
year with fifth grade and then seventh
grade
i'm not going to read them all to you
because i know everybody can read but
just the ones that stand out the
favorites were um
z space the escape rooms and sphero box
for fifth grade seventh grade is the
project that we did and we have finished
we have been concluding those the last
two weeks with the luncheons provided to
the 7th grade students for their
participation
and these are some pictures
that we have of some of the activities
that we did into the class in the
classrooms
so stem was a little different this year
because i pushed into the classrooms and
visited each of the 10 elementary
schools instead of them actually coming
to the stem academy
and this is just what some of the
students had to say
[Music]
stem is important because you get to
learn new things you get to do things
that you haven't known before it's not
boring and you can learn
stem is exciting because i get to use
different equipment like snap circuits
my favorite activity at stem was the
sphero box because you gotta learn how
to program and drive them
my favorite thing about stem's
sound bug challenge
my favorite thing about it was it was a
hands-on activity and you got to work
with your team
and
science even better you know because i
have trouble
i'm having trouble on science but stem
helps me more
stem is a better way to learn science
because you have more hands-on
activities
stem is a better way to help me
understand science because we have more
hands-on activities and more tools to
use
stem is fun because you can learn how to
do more things and have hands-on
activities with miss chapel than you can
with
our normal science class
my favorite stem activity is the
currents of the ocean it helped me
realize what causes currents 7 days are
exciting
i like stem because it helps me
understand better than the textbooks
because
some of our textbooks don't go into more
of a perspective as stem does like i
one of my favorite activities that we
did in stem was um z space when we did
we like took apart the earth when we
can't do that in real life so it put it
into more of a perspective and i got a
better grade
on my test than i would have without
c-space
stem is an interesting take on science
and it provides much better tools for
the science classes
[Music]
so our future plans for next year with
the addition of another elementary stem
teacher we plan to incorporate more
grade levels and focus on fifth grade
again and incorporate fourth grade we
also plan to implement some of the newly
purchased innovative equipment and
technology in grades k-3
thank you
[Applause]
you know the past few years coba just
kind of hurt our
extracurricular stem just getting cold
classes done so it's really exciting to
see y'all get that back going again and
i know the students absolutely love it
so i appreciate y'all's hard work and i
know they're looking really forward to
it next year
okay
let's just kind of hold up on you i see
dr jessica jones is here now do you like
to speak
p.e.a
we'll back up we'll back up
hope you didn't get a ticket
uh chairman doss
superintendent jones members of the
board central office staff all those
virtual in attendance good evening i
bring you greetings from the
pennsylvania education association the
past month has been extremely uh busy so
we just finished our virginia education
association convention dr willie sherman
our executive vice president and i
intended that in person and then we had
three members including miss evangelina
balmora who's in the audience
ashley stanley and corey foster who
attended as virtual
participants and i will tell you we
discussed several business items looking
at legislation that could potentially
impact us moving forward uh particularly
looking at pieces like
mold and air filtration and and what's
the level that is tolerant and how can
we actually stop the spread of things
like that in the air
and making sure that our ability for our
students and our educators to be in a
clean environment is addressed
i know that with the new filtration
system that was added in the pittsburgh
county schools it has brought us you
know up to date and beyond but that's
not necessarily the case across the
commonwealth so we discussed
as elected officials to attend
convention what are some of those things
that we need to do to move forward so i
will say this uh publicly there are
things that we're doing with
pennsylvania county schools that a lot
of things are a role model for us to be
able to share with other people across
the commonwealth so we're looking
forward uh mr doss and having our
continuing conversations of things that
we're doing the school division that we
can share with other school divisions in
our region across the commonwealth that
we're doing well and others can
replicate and then being able to share
that information
in addition to that we had a great
awards assembly
so we were recognized in the in the
actual vea convention yours truly is the
recipient of the vea award for teaching
excellence
for the state of virginia so it's like
yeah
[Music]
and i found out that i'll be moving
forward for the national consideration
of that and more information to come so
i look forward to sharing that with you
and superintendent jones when i receive
it
it was just awesome to be able to to
represent pennsylvania county at that
level
and represent the work that you do here
and the work that we do as colleagues
honestly to just to just break it down
that's one of the things as we look into
the new school division
year
who's coming in and then who's going out
and i know that a lot of people are
making plans to maybe exit and i would
encourage for you to be able to do some
type of transition plan a conversation
or interview
what could be done differently and then
work towards making those plans for the
future because
there are phenomenal people in the
school division
and i hate to see anybody leave but to
know what causes them to leave i think
it's going to be something that we need
to focus on so we can retain the quality
educators that we have here
thank you thank you congratulations too
mr scott maintenance updates
good evening the following information
is provided to inform the board of
current matters relative to division
operations
new led lighting has been installed at
all high school baseball and softball
fields although there were some minor
adjustments
in progress in order to address dim
spots along the edges of some of our
fields and to provide specific area
lighting outside of playing fields
themselves all of our systems are
currently operable
contractors have completed the
installation of led lighting at football
field at gretna high school and they
anticipate the completion of the project
at chatham high school's football field
by the end of the week
crews will install new led lighting on
dan river and tunstall high school's
football fields following the completion
of these schools current soccer seasons
heating ventilation and air conditioning
renovations are also in progress at
kentuck elementary school and
contractors anticipate completing the
project with the exception of the
installation of the chile units by the
start of the
2022-2023 school year
the new chillers are currently expected
to arrive sometime in late september
the planned hvac renovations at the
pennsylvania career and technical center
will take somewhat longer to complete
because of supply chain issues that are
affecting the delivery of several pieces
of equipment although some work will be
completed this summer at pctc
contractors anticipate completing the
project during the summer of 2023
work is also underway on the
installation of solar panels at our
county's four high schools racking for
the tunstall high school project is
currently being delivered and
contractors anticipating completing
anticipate completing the installation
of racking at all four high school sites
by the end of may
installation of racking and panels at
the county's four middle schools will
follow the completion of the high school
projects and the maintenance department
anticipates that our middle and high
schools will be operating partially on
solar power by the start of the
2022-2023 school
year in the dan river zone
new well and wastewater projects are
underway workmen anticipate the
completion of dan river high school's
new well in the near future and the
finalization of kentuck elementary
school's wastewater drain field
expansion during the upcoming summer
roof bids have been received and you
have copies of those in your package to
consider later this evening
and contracts being finalized for the
completion of roofing projects at
broswell elementary school in the
pennsylvania career and technical center
the maintenance department anticipates
the completion of the braswell project
this summer however contractors will
complete the pctc project following the
start of school because of delays in the
availability of materials and i would
like to take this opportunity to thank
mr hudson for the fine work that he
continues to do despite his recent
injuries those of you who know mr hudson
know that he cannot sit still for very
long and he has been doing a phenomenal
job despite his injuries and i thank him
for all of the good work that he does
for our department and for operations in
the division
in conjunction with the hvac upgrades
that are currently underway at kentucky
elementary school the school is
reconfiguring the space occupied by its
old hardwired computer labs to better
serve the learning needs of its students
the information technology department's
expansion of the number of chromebook
carts and classrooms across the division
has made this move to wireless
connectivity possible not only at kentuc
but at other schools throughout the
division as well
students now have access to chromebooks
for testing and other instructional
purposes from their classrooms without
having to physically relocate to
dedicated computer labs in addition to
adding more than six thousand student
chromebooks across the division during
the course of the last year in february
the it department issued chromebook
devices to all teachers and other
instructional staff a grant awarded in
conjunction with the fcc's emergency
connectivity funding made the purchase
of these devices possible
the information technology department is
collaborating with our instructional
department to plan professional
development activities and in-service
training opportunities to maximize the
efficacy of these devices in our
classrooms
in addition to ensuring the day-to-day
reliability of our school systems
computer network our i.t department
technicians are currently busy
throughout the division providing
support to schools for sol testing and i
also would like to point out to you that
we now have a social media presence for
our division we have a pennsylvania
county schools facebook page that is now
up and running thanks to the efforts of
ms reynolds and of miss clifton in the
i.t department and we thank them for
getting that page up if you haven't had
a chance to visit it please do so i
think you will be pleased with what you
see
similarly the transportation
department's mechanics in addition to
maintaining their rigorous 30-day
preventive maintenance schedule or
undertaking projects that would
typically constitute a portion of their
summer workload in order to ensure that
buses can remain on the road throughout
the summer to serve students that will
be attending summer school
parents of students who anticipate
attending summer school and who wish to
receive summer school transportation
services must sign up by the close of
business on friday may the 6th and all
of this information is contained on our
website parents of high school and
middle school students may sign up by
visiting the divisions website and
parents of elementary school students
may sign up by contacting the principals
of the schools that their children
attend if enrollment figures in the
number of available drivers permit we
will again this year provide
door-to-door service if however
the school division is not able to offer
door-to-door service we will provide
shuttle service to and from school at a
number of designated locations
throughout the county
the determination of whether or not we
will be able to offer door-to-door
service will be made after that may 6
deadline that i mentioned earlier the
transportation department is also
awaiting the virginia department of
environmental qualities announcement
regarding the awarding of electric
school bus grants for the upcoming year
uh the department has requested funding
for the purchase of two additional
electric buses and if awarded this grant
will make the cost of purchasing these
battery electric vehicles comparable to
that of purchasing their diesel powered
equivalents
the department's existing proterra 60
kilowatt charges are capable of
supporting these proposed editions with
the installation of two more dispensing
units which dominion energy has agreed
to fund pending the awarding of the
virginia deq electric bus funding
are there any questions regarding any of
these matters
only anybody knows me knows i don't like
facebook
yes so i will not
[Laughter]
maybe i'll get my wife to show it to me
that's right your picture's on this site
so you might want to take a look
now i know why i don't like it
thank you mr scott does anybody have any
questions on the full desk reports
if not then i'll move on to the
superintendent report
yes sir mr doll score members um
march 24th was a special day at union
hall elementary school
the school
had perfect attendance with every
student present that day so i'd like to
to recognize mississippi monitor staff
this afternoon
kind of a sign that maybe we're back to
some type of normalcy now so that was a
good sign and good news for that school
i have some other
good news from our schools uh
44 talented band students presented four
selections and 35 talented core students
presented five choral selections
in the tunnel high school auditorium at
the all county band of course
performance on tuesday april 5th 2022
i'd like to thank mrs petty
mr cedric harrison
our middle and high school music
teachers our middle and high school band
directors and our middle and high school
principals for coordinating this
outstanding event
this was
probably the first time our parents have
been back together for some time in an
event like this so it was really good to
have everybody in auditorium just very
nice
also
we've had 196 entries in this year's
division level judging of the young
writers contest
72 students have advanced
to regional
competition again i'd like to thank miss
petty
i'd like to thank mrs brenda dawson
um and all the principals and teachers
who assist with this
this is a program we've been doing for
many years now and our students really
fare well i see out in this in
mrs fitzgerald was very instrumental in
that when she she worked for so
just our students do very well
also i'd like to recognize mrs mabel
scott she is a retired teacher and a
long time and a long time president of
the pennsylvania retired teachers
association she was showcased
at the virginia state retired teachers
association spring
in the in the spring newsletter as being
a prestigious recipient of the award for
the most active member for her
outstanding service
and i'd like to ask the board if you all
would like for us to invite her to the
next meetings that you all could
recognize her publicly
okay we can do that so thank you
also
would like to draw your attention to a
couple of items that are placed in your
packet
regarding the sales tax referendum
we have been in contact with the county
finance department about funding school
capital projects
if the sales tax referendum passes in
november of 2022
if this referendum passes
pfm financial advisors has provided
several options available
to the county
when the funds are borrowed the first
option would be pennsylvania county
sales tax revenue bonds
and that would require no referendum
to bar these
funds
another option is the pennsylvania
county general obligation issue
and this would require referendum
the vpsa pool transaction
and the vpsa standalone transaction
would be other options and these would
require would not require referendum
and the price will be based on the
county's credit
representatives from pfm believe that
there are plenty of options available to
the board
and as we get closer to that they're
going to run our numbers and they will
provide the best funding option
available
for the county
at this time they think that the vs vpsa
standalone would be
based upon the county's credit would be
the best option but again that they
would again run some numbers as we get
closer to that time
um
kind of reminder the one percent right
now based upon numbers that we know of
from the sales tax would generate about
3.8 million dollars
per year over the 20 years
uh but so it's estimated that that you
would be able to borrow the board to be
able to borrow about 50 million dollars
if it is decided that the sales tax
revenue bond is the best option
the board would need to build a cushion
so the two options if you use the vpsa
issuance you can really fund
more capital projects
if they determine that the sales tax
revenue bond is the best option then you
have to build in a cushion
and you would not be able to renovate as
many of our buildings
in your packet also were the new
estimates for the schools provided to
you those have been revised i'd like to
just draw your attention to those
but also
would like to ask you all through a vote
this this evening
if you all would like to include in the
renovations at least an opportunity to
build restrooms outside restrooms at
gretna middle school and tumsle middle
school
when students are outside for pe and for
afternoon activities they have mentality
they have met the other two right now
but would would ask that you all would
just give us guidance there to add these
um and also would like some guidance
regarding additional uh
offerings or additional classroom spaces
at the
pennsylvania career and technical center
so those three items the restrooms at
tunstall middle uh gretna middle and
then expansion of additional classrooms
at pctc in addition to what you all have
already asked for
and then a couple other items as i end
this evening
in your packet
was a schedule is a schedule of the
meetings that we're attending
please
attend these meetings if you're
available
i know mr henderson was at the stoney
mill meeting the other evening mr burton
was there uh if you would if you would
like to attend we would greatly
appreciate it i think mr henderson spoke
and mr burton spoke so you know if you'd
like to speak at these meetings please
do
the schedule is in your packet there
any questions regarding that we're also
meeting with faculties
unless you would like you can be at
faculty meetings if you'd like
but but i'm covering those but if you'd
like to be there please do
any any questions regarding the sales
tax referendum and capital projects
all right as i
as i wind down my comments like to let
you all know that the today show will be
at chatham elementary school on april
28th
between 8 and 8 30.
they're there to feature mrs jennifer
williams
who has donated nearly a hundred
thousand books to the children
of in this area of virginia
dr carter and staff are working very
hard to rate the building for that as
well as mrs petty and mr scott
so i think we're going to be prepared
for that event
also simon schuster
uh in your consent agenda this evening
there's a donation of 25 000 books
they're donating 25 000 books to chatham
elementary school in the honor of mrs
williams
um
and that was in your consent agenda this
evening also
upcoming conferences we have a hybrid
vsba april hot topic conference april
the 20th
and that's located in charlottesville or
virtual
and i believe that's all i had this
evening mr doss okay thank you dr jones
mr chairman yes sir
did dr jones need a motion on the
restrooms uh the three things do you
want us to pay if you would
okay
we'll get to in a minute join okay thank
you
okay uh under unfinished business the
second reading for school board policy
g-a-c-p-c do i have a motion
i'll make a motion that we approve it on
the second reading
second
any discussion roll call please mr
fitzgerald mr henderson aye ms merricks
aye mr mills aye
mr moon all right mr doss aye mr burton
and we had some unfinished business on
update on student dress code i thank you
packet said that they want to leave it
as is but i think that i'll ask that
um
ms merrick's i think i would ask that
you if you have some
revisions you would like to have for
that if you could have it in the next
couple of weeks
when will they have to have it for the
um
the handbooks when they go print the
handbook i think we have it may we find
looking at mr boyd if we come back in
may with some changes with handbooks mrs
patty with handbooks we okay there okay
okay i know they didn't want to change
it but i think there's probably some few
changes that need to be made
um
and if ms merrick's i'm gonna let you
head that up okay i will absolutely have
that to you
so put that back on the agenda for next
month please
under new business revision of school
board policies there's quite a few we're
gonna they want to waive it a first
reading and do a final approval tonight
most of it was just the normal revisions
that we have this time of year
we'll have a motion
i'll make a motion
kevin did you get that mr mills
okay roll call please mr fitzgerald mr
henderson aye ms merricks aye mr mills
aye mr moon aye mr doss aye mr burton
the next is a mileage rate for travel
reimbursement i know in the packet it
had to move it to the current rs
standard and i think when i spoke to ms
worley she wanted to do it once a year
because of our bookkeeping system it
would be too hard to do it it's on the
fly
so i think is that all right if you
missed miss domain we do it once a year
and it would reflect the current rs
standard that july 1 is that when we're
gonna
july one to have a motion for that then
i'll make a motion that we approve the
58.5
annual the mileage rate per mile
a second
it will be whatever the ass rate is
every july one when they said correct
okay and we just have to be cognizant of
the fact that if sometime out in the
future it does drop below
what we currently have that we reduce it
because if it didn't it would shift over
to be an income for anything above if it
went if it went back to 56 cents so the
58 would you need to pay attention to
that okay right
yeah
yes sir i do yes sir
i just wanted to point out something
because
when i wrote the memo for this right
here as you asked to consider this
we really wanted to make sure to see you
know our fiscal year is done in july 1
and then whatever the rate said in
general miss worley and i discussed this
when the rate's set in january
and as long as it stays that way in july
one we're going to set all the forms and
set up that way and then we won't review
it again so if the rate changes next
january then we'll set we'll set that
rate again for the following july file
in july that year we really didn't want
to rate we just want to be able to
accept the rate that's you know
when july 1
58.5 58.5 that's the rate that's what's
going on the forms that's the rate we're
going to calculate and then next year
comes i mean when the next january comes
back around and it goes up and drops
that's the rate we'll adopt at july one
of the next school year that's kind of
how we want to do it that's that's how
it would work best for business center
you know for us
for our staff and said well does that
make sense
and because this will be a 10 cent mile
increase over what we're currently
paying so
it'll be a big boost for the ones that
have to drive in personal culprits right
so so basically what will happen here is
if the board approves
the motion that basically says that we
would um adopt the standard mileage rate
established by the rs and we would um
with your approval we reviewed that rate
annually on july 1. so right now it's
58.5 5 cent so july 1 that's what's
going that's that's what that's what the
rate's going to be and then january 23
comes up and it's
68.5
then that rate will become in effect
july 1 of 2023 that's what we would like
to do going forward then we won't have
to come to you every time and ask this
we would always just whatever the irs
rate is we'll adopt that beginning july
1. that's what we're asking to do if
that makes sense right because i think
it's still a good chance in the high
inflation that we're currently
experiencing that it could be a
rate increase from the irs of july 4th
july the first going forward
and that and that's true so if it does
whatever that rate is when i i will go
with squirrely and i will look if it's
68.5 or 5 cents
you know on july 1 that's the rate we're
going to establish if the board gives us
authority that's what we're going to do
okay thank you
all right dude i've had a motion did i
have a second yeah
okay
roll call please mr fitzgerald uh miss
henderson aye ms merricks aye mr mills
aye mr moon aye mr burton aye
okay next we need to approve the second
semester exam schedule of a motion
i'll make the most
second okay any discussion on that
roll call please mr burton aye mr
fitzgerald aye ms henderson aye ms
marrix aye mr mills aye mr moon aye
mr dos all right
next is support of one percent sales tax
for capital projects for the schools dr
jones
yes sir i know you touched on it mr
dawson school board members i'd like to
request that the board approve to add
the outside restrooms at gretna middle
school and tunstall middle school and
additional classrooms at pctc to the
capital needs list for funding using
revenues provided by the 1 sales tax
referendum for school capital projects
if passed by voters
okay i'll make that motion
second
all right before we ask for a roll call
i have some items that were sent to me
that i don't really think fall under
this but probably fall more under
maintenance or year-end
i'm just going to get that to you
and and mr scott will look at that
separate but i do have some items that
have been sent to me but i don't really
think they fall here yes sir okay
pro call please mr burton aye mr
fitzgerald aye ms henderson aye ms
merricks aye mr mills aye mr moon aye mr
doss all right
next is school board representation for
the minority advisory council the two
members we had i see miss crump back
there served on it and
mr ramsey i'd like to ask mr fitzgerald
if you would serve and miss merrick's if
you would sir please
okay
do i need a motion for that
i don't need him
you got a meeting this month
you can thank me later
i believe it's april 21st
okay
thank you
and then with procurement b as a roof
for broswell elementary school and pctc
i think those bids are at your seat
that correct yes
i make a motion and we approve those two
bids
so
they came in a little bit under you
think did they come in slightly
under but it came in better than we
thought that's what i mean better than
you
kind of thought you was going to
any any discussion on any of those bids
roll call please mr burton mr fitzgerald
mr henderson aye ms merricks aye mr
mills aye mr moon all right mr doubts hi
that's all my hands mr chairman
if it's okay i would like to recognize
board of supervisor member tonight jesse
barksdale who's here oh yeah and mr
barksdale i would like to commend you
and the board on your position that you
took last night on the funding of the
school board and the county also thank
you for your hard work thank you sir
thank you mr barksdale i'm sorry i
didn't see you back there just hiding on
me
appreciate it we really do appreciate
y'all's hard work for us mr burton if if
i could indulge you folks for a couple
of minutes
um i think some of you know where i've
been i've been meeting with the farm
bureau and the people with one cent sale
tax referendum
we met with their executive committee
with 14 to 15 people there
they're enthusiastically supporting it
and they hope to take action for let us
put a big sign at them
but i remember there they had some very
detailed and good questions
and hopefully when they have their
annual membership meeting they didn't
have last year
that group can go back and make a full
presentation
okay
thank you mr burton for taking the time
to go to that i know it's hard to be in
two places at once but i do appreciate
it because
you know it's very important that we get
this through that that we can get these
renovations
done to the schools
anybody anything else
for sure yes oh
i like to break up i don't know
how to handle it
i was 57
that breakdown
i think
a couple years ago when i checked into
it that bridge was like
i believe 80 something years old
they have reduced it from a two lane to
a one lane
grid with a stop light
and my biggest concern is
when i talked to
the highway department they said it
wasn't even on the six-year plan
and if something happened to that bridge
our school system is gonna be
in trouble
so i just wanted to we sent a memo to
the board of supervisors asking them to
ask our delegates since they have all
this budget money there in richmond
trying to figure out what to do with
can they at least get us on a six-year
plan
because
be in trouble if it had something
happened and i know one bridge that fell
in years ago than in advanced districts
so
that's a big concern for me
i think dr jones can i think you've done
that before we talked to highway
i think dr jones can handle that we'll
do it okay yes sir thank you
anybody else
who adjourned
do i have a second second
roll call
just about fitzgerald miss henderson all
right it's marriage all right mr mills
hi moon all right
all right thank you all for coming
tonight we appreciate it
you